Academy of the Path of Balancing Light
(Standard Solar Manse)

In the First Age, [Solar Friend] and Sagacious Hand spent decades scouring
Creation for the perfect place to build the Academy. Finally, [Solar Friend]
found the spot: An ancient and long-dormant volcano in the East, where exposed
gold had combined with flowing lava and unrelenting sunlight, forming veins of
natural Orachalcum in the very ground. The entire caldera pulsed with power and
potential.

With the help of [Lunar Mate] and [Sidereal Friend], the group constructed the
Academy at the center of the caldera. The main structure is built from imported
marble infused with Orachalcum, accented with Orachaucum-flecked obsidian
carved from the caldera.

A visitor to the Academy must first scale the mountain it is built on. The
climb is challenging but not deadly. In the First Age there were paths built to
assist, but they have long since fallen away or been overgrown. No matter the
surrounding weather, the summit of the mountain is surrounded by clouds, and
the winds behave strangely.

The Academy takes up most of the caldera, its outer walls built into the sides
of the bowl.

Effect:

As an Exalt attunes to the Academy, so too the Manse attunes to the Exalt. The
Academy inspects the Exalt's soul and picks one of her Defining Intimacies to
make its own. The Academy will attempt to pick the Intimacy closest to the
Exalt's heart. If the owner becomes unattuned from the Academy and later
reattunes, it will choose the same Intimacy unless that Intimacy is no longer
Defining, or she has gained a new Defining Intimacy.

As long as the Exalt remains the owner of the Academy, any teaching that
happens in its marble halls will implicitly pass on that Intimacy. A student
listening to a lecture will find the words and ideas connecting in ways the
teacher never consciously intended. Mechanically, at the end of any lesson, the
Academy makes an instill action to place its Intimacy as a Minor Intimacy in
the heart of the student, using the teacher's (Manipulation + Performance),
plus any of the teacher's relevant specialties. If the lesson was explicitly in
line with the Academy's Intimacy, it adds one success to this roll. The teacher
may not enhance this action with charms, as it the Manse itself channeling the
beliefs of its owner.

Hearthstone:

The hearthstone produced by the Academy is a round black stone with large
flecks of gold. In sunlight, the black is becomes slightly translucent, giving
way to deep reds, oranges, and purples. The stone feels warm to the touch.

When an Exalt is attuned to the Academy, in a two mile radius around the
hearthstone, people who would be sympathetic to the Academy's Intimacy feel
drawn to the location of the stone. They do not know particularly why, only
that there's something important there.

Construction:

Power Points:
  Standard Manse (6)

Powers:
  Archive (2)
  Fortress (3)

http://forum.theonyxpath.com/forum/main-category/exalted/1136654-exalted-seats-of-power

# vim: textwidth=79: nocindent: nosmartindent:

